[grid-4] Add new session queuer instructions for Grid 4. Add New Session Queuer description for grid components. (#552)
SeleniumHQ/seleniumhq.github.io: docs_source_files/content/grid/grid_4/components_of_a_grid.en.md

associated to a session id. When starting the Grid in its fully distributed mode, the
Session Map is the first component that should be started.

## New Session Queuer, New Session Queue

> The New Session Queuer essentially queues requests. The New Session Queuer is the only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Session Queuer is the only
```

component which can communicate with the New Session Queue. It handles all queue operations like

> add to front/end, remove request and clear queue. It has configurable parameters for setting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add to manipulate the queue. It has configurable parameters for setting 
```

If the request times out, the request is rejected immediately and not added to the queue. 

Upon successfully adding the request to the queue, Event Bus triggers an event. 
The Distributor picks up this event and polls the queue. It now attempts to create a session.

If the requested capabilities do not exist in any of the registered Nodes, then the request is rejected
immediately and the client receives a response.

If the requested capabilities match the capabilities of any of Node slots, Distributor attempts to get the
available slot. If all the slots are busy, the Distributor will ask the queuer to add the request 
to the front of the queue. The Distributor receives the request again after the request retry interval. 
It will attempt retries until the request is successful or has timed out. 
If request times out while retrying or adding to the front of the queue its rejected.

After getting an available slot and session creation, the Distributor passes the new session response 
to the New Session Queuer via the Event Bus. The New Session Queuer will respond to the client when it
receives the event.

## Event Bus

> The Event Bus serves as a communication path between the Nodes, Distributor, New Session Queuer and Session Map. 

Reviewer: Always have an oxford comma
```suggestion
The Event Bus serves as a communication path between the Nodes, Distributor, New Session Queuer, and Session Map. 
```
